What is the total discount amount offered during the clearance sale last quarter?
Show the average customer acquisition cost by channel in Q1 2024
What is the total revenue from our top 5 products last quarter?
What was the average number of items per order last month?
Show me the total returns by month for the past year.
List the sales growth percentage for the top 5 products year over year.
What is the average discount rate offered during sales events?
What is the average customer acquisition cost for the last year?
What is the total revenue from our top 10 products last year?
How many customers interacted with the loyalty program in the last month?
How many items were sold on Valentine's Day?
What was the total amount spent on customer rewards last year?
How many customers purchased through mobile in the last quarter?
What is the average customer satisfaction score for last year?
What percentage of total sales came from mobile users last month?
How many active users visited the site yesterday?
Show the total number of customer complaints categorized by issue type last year
Show the revenue split by category for the last 6 months.
How did our return policy affect customer satisfaction last year?
Identify the top 5 customer retention strategies based on effectiveness last year.
What was the total number of users who signed up for our loyalty program last year?
How much revenue was generated by new customers in the last month?
Show the total sales volume for each product category in Q1 2024
What is the average refund processing time last quarter?
What is the total revenue from email marketing campaigns in 2023?
What is the total revenue from our online store in Q3?
How much revenue did we earn from clearance sales last month?
How does our revenue this month compare to the same month last year?
What is the average revenue from repeat customers in Q2 2024?
List all products sold in the last week excluding those on promotion.
How many products were sold to corporate clients last month?
What is the average conversion rate from visitors to buyers this month?
How many products did we sell online last month?
How did sales perform during the last holiday season compared to the previous year?
Show total revenue for each region in 2023.
Show me the breakdown of sales by payment method in Q1 2023.
What are the trends in customer feedback ratings over the past year?
How much revenue did we earn from international sales in the last quarter?
Show the number of returns by product category in Q2 2024
What was the average time taken to process returns last month?
How does our customer feedback rating compare to last year's results?
What was the total revenue from online sales in Q1 2024?
How many products were sold through seasonal promotions last quarter?
How many customers engaged with our content last month?
How did our marketing reach change last year?
What is the average customer lifetime value for last quarter?
What is the total revenue for the Black Friday sales this year?
What is the average discount applied to orders in the last 30 days?
What is the average basket size for last quarter?
How many customers participated in the rewards program last quarter?
Which 3 products had the highest return rates this year?
What was the revenue growth percentage from last year to this year?
What were the total sales figures for the holiday season?
What was the total sales revenue from our wholesale channel last year?
What is the total amount of customer refunds last year?
How many items were sold in the last 30 days?
What is the average sales price for the top 10 selling products?
What is the average customer satisfaction score for last year?
How many customer complaints were logged in the past year?
How many customer complaints were resolved last month?
How many customers visited our store last month?
How many products were sold through our B2B channel last month?
Count the number of customer feedback submissions last month by product
What is the total inventory turnover rate for the past year?
Show me the number of active promotions running last month
What are the total sales figures for product A in the last month?
Show me the top 5 products by return rate last year.
How many unique items were purchased last month?
Count the number of customer feedback submissions last month
List the sales figures for each product category over the past 12 months.
Show me the total sales for product category A in the last quarter.
What was the average customer satisfaction score for last year?
What are the top 10 products by gross profit margin last year?
Show me the average sales figures for product X in the last year.
What is the average sales price for products this year?
Show the difference in revenue between this year and last year by product category
What is the total revenue from promotional events last year?
What were the most frequently sold items during the last month?
What is the average customer satisfaction score for Q2 2024?
How many new customers did we gain in Q1 2024?
List the top 10 products by growth in profit margin this year.
What were the average ratings for products sold last quarter?
How many items were sold to new customers last month?
What is the average return rate for the last quarter?
How many customer inquiries were resolved last month?
List the top 3 products by customer satisfaction ratings in 2023.
Show the total number of transactions by payment method for last month.
What are the top 5 regions by sales volume last year?
Give me the total number of orders by region for last year.
What was the average discount applied to orders last quarter?
What is the total revenue from product bundles last year?
List the top 10 best-selling products by revenue for the past year.
What is the total sales revenue for Q4 2023?
What is the average discount offered across all products last month?
How does this month's average order value compare to last month's?
What is the total revenue from our physical stores last year?
What is the total profit margin for the last 12 months by product category?
What is the average sales price for all products sold last year?
Show the average sales per day for the past 3 months.
How many products had sales over $500 last month?
What is the total cost per acquisition for last quarter?
What is the total number of leads generated in Q3 2023?
What were the total impressions for our top 5 campaigns last month?
List the total ad impressions by device type for the last 30 days.
Show me the total ad spend for the last year by channel.
How many impressions did we receive last week?
What was the average spend per user in the last 30 days?
How many leads were generated in Q2 2024 compared to Q1 2024?
What is the trend of ad impressions over the past year?
What was the total engagement for remarketing ads last year?
Show the total ad spend for each channel in Q1 2024.
List the average ad spend per campaign in Q1 2024.
What was the total ad spend for all campaigns in Q1 2024?
What was the total advertising spend for the last quarter?
What was the total revenue from influencer ads last year?
Compare total ad spend across different platforms for the past 3 months.
How much has ad spend changed compared to last month?
What are the top 10 ad campaigns by ROI in the last year?
What was the difference in total ad spend between Q1 and Q2?
What is the total number of clicks received by our ads this week?
What was the total revenue from our mobile ads last year?
How many leads were generated this quarter compared to last quarter?
What is the average ROI from our event sponsorships last year?
What is the trend of ad spend over the last year?
What was the total ad spend for last month by campaign?
List the top 10 campaigns by CTR for the last month
How many leads did our social media ads generate last quarter?
How many unique users clicked on ads last month?
How many new leads were generated from our influencer ads last month?
How many impressions did our ads receive in the past week?
What was the average cost per acquisition for Q2 2024?
How many impressions did our influencer ads receive last month?
What was the total engagement for brand awareness ads last year?
Show total number of clicks by ad for the last 30 days.
What was the total advertising return on investment for the last quarter?
How does the click-through rate compare to the previous month?
What is the average cost per engagement for our ads in Q2 2024?
List the top 5 products by total revenue in the last 30 days.
What is the total number of leads generated from email campaigns last quarter?
How many new leads were generated last quarter by campaign?
What is the average revenue per campaign in Q2 2024?
How many leads came from referrals last month?
How many leads did our search campaigns generate last month?
How does our advertising spend vary by campaign type last year?
What are the total impressions for our ads last month?
How many leads were generated from ads this year?
How many impressions did our ads receive last week?
What is the total number of leads generated in Q1 2024?
How many new subscribers were acquired from ads last quarter?
Show total conversions for the last week, excluding mobile traffic.
What is the average monthly revenue for the last 12 months?
How does our cash flow compare to the previous quarter?
Show me the revenue growth rate year-over-year.
Show me the total expenses incurred last month by department
What is the total cost of goods sold in the last 12 months?
What was the percentage change in total revenue from last year to this year?
How does our revenue compare to budget for the last quarter?
List the top 5 clients by revenue for the last quarter
What was the average deal size in the last 6 months?
Compare revenue from Q1 2023 to Q1 2024.
What is the average cost per acquisition for last year?
What is the total revenue from sales for this fiscal year?
What is the average customer lifetime value for last year?
What was the average customer lifetime value for the last year?
What is the average profit margin for the last quarter?
What is the total marketing cost for this year?
What was the total loan amount approved last quarter?
What is the average revenue per employee for this year?
What are the total expenses for the last quarter by department?
What is the average number of orders per customer for this year?
What is the average return rate for customers last quarter?
What was the average profit margin for the last 6 months?
What was the total number of active subscriptions as of last month?
What was the year-to-date sales revenue compared to last year?
What were the total costs incurred in January?
What is the average cost of sales for the last year?
What was the total revenue from fees last year?
What is the total revenue generated from partnerships last year?
What is the total revenue from service fees this year?
What was the average interest rate for loans issued last quarter?
What is the year-over-year growth rate for revenue?
How many transactions were recorded in the past 30 days?
Show me the total expenses for the past month by department.
List the top 10 countries by average sales in 2023.
What was the total profit for the last 3 months?
What was the average monthly revenue for the last quarter?
What is the total cost of goods sold in Q1 2024?
Give me the total number of loan applications processed last year.
What is the total operating income for Q2 2024?
What is the total expenses incurred last month?
What is the gross margin for the last 12 months?
Compare the revenue of Q2 2023 with Q2 2022.
How many transactions occurred in the last 30 days?
What is the average sales growth rate for the last 3 years?
What is the total number of leads generated from email campaigns last year?
What is the total amount of outstanding loans as of today?
Calculate the total costs for projects exceeding $100,000 last month.
What are the total expenses for the last 30 days?
Compare the customer acquisition cost from Q1 2023 to Q1 2022.
What is the total cost of goods sold for the grocery category last month?
How does the average handling time compare between support tiers?
Count the number of active users by region for last month
What is the total number of new registrations last quarter?
What is the total revenue from annual subscriptions for Q1 2024?
What is the total number of active subscribers right now?
What is the churn rate for the last month by customer segment?
How many customer support tickets were resolved last quarter?
How many users accessed the platform via mobile last month?
What was the total number of customer accounts created last quarter?
What is the total revenue from upselling in Q2?
What percentage of users are satisfied with our service this month?
How many users attended the webinar last month?
How many users reported issues last week?
How many active users do we have right now?
What are the total support tickets resolved last month?
How does our active user base this month compare to last month?
Show me the engagement levels for users by subscription tier this month.
What is the average time users spend on our platform last quarter?
List the top 5 features requested by users in the past month
How many new leads were generated from our marketing efforts last month?
How many new users did we acquire last month by marketing channel?
What is the average revenue per user for Q1 2024?
How does the number of users engaged with support compare to last month?
What was the total number of active users in the last week?
How many customers renewed their subscriptions in Q2 2024?
What was the average customer retention rate for the last year?
What was the average number of support tickets raised per user last month?
What is the total revenue from our workshops last year?
How many users participated in our focus group last quarter?
How many customer complaints were resolved last month?
What percentage of users have interacted with our community this year?
What is the average number of complaints received per user last year?
What was the monthly revenue trend for the past 6 months?
How many customers requested support in Q1 2024?
What was the average user satisfaction score last month?
How many users completed the certification program last quarter?
How many users signed up for our service in the last month?
Show me the total churn rate for the past year.
What was the average length of support calls last month?
What is the average daily usage of our app over the past month?
What was the average response time to customer queries last month?
How many customer support tickets were opened in Q2?
What was the total revenue from our subscription services in the last year?
How many new subscriptions did we get last quarter?
What is the year-to-date churn rate for this year?
What is the total revenue from our subscription services this quarter?
How many users logged in daily last quarter?
How many active users do we have at the end of January?
What was the average revenue from our top 10 plans last year?
What was the total revenue from our training programs last year?
What is the average delivery time by region for the last year?
How many shipments were delayed last quarter?
What percentage of orders were delivered on time last month?
What was the average cost per shipment for the last quarter?
Compare the shipping costs for the last month against the previous month.
How many freight orders were cancelled in the last year?
How many packages were shipped using express service in Q2 2023?
List the top 5 delivery routes by number of shipments for 2023.
How many items were returned last quarter?
What is the average delivery cost for our products last month?
Show total shipping costs for the last quarter by region
What was the total production cost for Q2 2024?
How many return shipments were initiated last quarter?
What is the average shipment value for the last quarter?
How did logistics costs compare to last quarter?
What is the total number of freight requests for the past 6 months?
How many shipments were sent via air compared to sea last quarter?
How many shipments were received from international suppliers last quarter?
What is the average time taken to deliver products last month?
List the average delivery times by courier for the last 6 months.
How many shipments were received in Q3 2023?
What are the top 5 trends in shipping times for the last 6 months?
How many shipments were processed this week?
How many shipments were made on time last month?
What is the average response time for customer support last month?
What is the cost per shipment for the last 6 months?
What is the total number of returns for the last month?
How many shipments are currently delayed?
What is the average time to deliver orders last year?
How many new delivery contracts were signed in January?
What is the average order fulfillment time for last year?
What was the total volume of goods transported last month?
How many projects were completed last month?
How many last-mile deliveries were completed last quarter?
How many orders were cancelled due to logistics issues last month?
Compare logistics costs this quarter to the previous quarter.
What was the total revenue generated from freight last year?
What was the percentage increase in deliveries from last year to this year?
What is the average time taken for order processing in the past year?
How many shipments were delivered last week?
What is the total number of successful shipments in Q2 2024?
What is the average order fulfillment time for Q2 2023?
What was the average cost per shipment for the last year?
How many orders were shipped via express delivery last month?
What is the total number of shipments made in the last quarter?
How many shipments were delayed in the last month?
Show me the total shipping costs for the last quarter.
What were the average shipping times for the past 3 months?
What is the total shipment cost for the past month?
What was the average fuel cost per delivery last quarter?
Show the number of work orders completed by department in the past 12 months
What was the total production output for the last year?
What is the total number of employees currently on the production floor?
Count the number of units produced by shift for the last year.
What is the total energy consumption for the last month?
How many labor hours were logged last week?
What was the total cost of goods sold last month?
Compare production output by factory for the last year
What was the total machine downtime last month?
Show total units produced by product line for the last year.
What is the total production output for the last month?
What is the total production volume per product category last quarter?
What is the trend of production costs over the past 12 months?
List the top 5 suppliers by total cost for 2023.
What was the average time taken for product assembly last quarter?
What is the average profit margin per product category for the last year?
Compare production output for the last 3 months.
How many quality inspections were passed last month?
Calculate the revenue from the top 5 suppliers for the last 6 months.
How many defective products were reported last quarter?
What is the average operating cost per product sold last month?
What is the total manufacturing cost for Q2 2023?
How many new products were launched last month?
How many new machines were acquired in January?
What is the total output for the manufacturing unit this year?
How many safety incidents occurred in the past 30 days?
How many units were produced last month?
What was the average cost of goods sold per item last year?
What was the change in production efficiency for Q2?
What is the total production cost in Q2 2024?
What is the total number of active projects this quarter?
What was the average production downtime for our factories in 2024?
What are the total raw material costs for the last 6 months?
What is the trend in production efficiency over the past year?
List the top 5 products by profit for the last 6 months.
What was the total inventory value as of yesterday?
List the average production time for the last month by product.
List the top 10 machines by efficiency for the past quarter
How many items were manufactured by each department last month?
Show me the profit margin for each product sold in Q3 2024.
What is the average cost of goods sold per item for Q1?
What is the total profit margin for each product in Q2?
What is the average profit margin by product category for last year?
What is the total quantity of inventory held currently?
What is the total number of defects reported in the past month?
What was the total sales revenue last year?
How many raw materials were ordered in the last 30 days?
Compare production output in Q1 2023 vs Q1 2024
How many new products were launched this year?
What was the total number of properties sold last year?
How many items were returned last quarter?
Identify the top 5 suppliers by delivery time last year.
How many units were shipped in the last month?
How much did we spend on storage costs in Q2 2024?
What are the supplier costs for each region this year?
What are the most common reasons for delays in supplier deliveries last quarter?
Calculate the average lead time for the past 6 months.
What was the total procurement cost last month?
What are the top 10 suppliers by delivery performance last quarter?
What was the average time to resolve supply chain issues last month?
How many suppliers did we have last month?
How many quality inspections were passed last quarter?
Show the number of suppliers used in the past 12 months by region
What is the revenue growth rate compared to last year?
What is the trend of supply costs over the past 12 months?
What is the total value of inventory on hand as of today?
Show the average lead time for suppliers this quarter.
How many items were sourced in Q1 2024 by supplier?
What was the average lead time for orders in the last 6 months?
What is the total quantity of materials received last month?
What was the total inventory value for the last year?
What was the average lead time for suppliers this quarter?
List the top 5 suppliers by reliability score for 2023.
What is the total cost of materials purchased in the last month?
What is the average lead time for suppliers in Q1?
How many orders were delayed due to supply issues in Q1 2024?
What was the average lead time for suppliers in Q2 2024?
What was the year-over-year change in inventory turnover for Q2?
What is the total number of shipments received last month?
List the top 10 suppliers by shipping costs for last year.
How many suppliers are currently active?
Identify the top 10 suppliers by total cost in the last fiscal year.
What are the top 5 suppliers by total items supplied this year?
How many new contracts were signed with suppliers this year?
What was the total sourcing cost last month?
What is the total value of inventory for the last month?
What is the total supply cost for the last quarter?
How does our inventory turnover compare to last year?
What was the average lead time for shipments in the past 6 months?
List the top 10 suppliers by delivery accuracy for the last 30 days
Show the total stock by product category for the past 30 days.
How many shipments were received in the last 30 days?
List the top 5 suppliers by total spend in the past year.
Identify the top 5 suppliers by total revenue last year.
List the top 10 suppliers by reliability last year.
How has the order fulfillment rate changed over the last year?
List the top 5 suppliers by total order value for the past year.
How many shipments were received from suppliers last month?
How many suppliers are on probation currently?
Show me the total cost of goods purchased in 2023.
What are the top 5 cities by rental income in 2023?
How many contracts were signed in Q4 2023?
Compare the property sales volume across different regions last year.
How many properties were listed last month?
How does the average days on market compare to last year?
How many properties had price reductions last month?
List the top 10 agents by sales volume for Q1 2024.
What is the total number of listings in the last quarter?
What is the total number of listings that expired last month?
How many new properties were added last week?
How many properties were sold last year?
How many properties were sold last month by agent?
What are the top 10 cities by average rent price in 2023?
How many properties were sold last month?
What was the total revenue from rentals in the last 30 days?
How many new properties were added in Q2 2024?
What are the total sales figures for real estate in the last year?
What was the average rental price in December 2023?
How many customer complaints were logged last month, excluding product issues?
What was the total rental income last month?
What is the total revenue from property management services in the last month?
What is the average commission percentage for agents last quarter?
How many properties were sold last month?
Show the number of new listings by neighborhood for the past 12 months
How many complaints were registered last month, excluding service failures?
How many homes sold in the last 6 months had a pool?
How much did we spend on renovations in Q2 2024?
List the top 5 real estate agents by sales volume this quarter.
Show the total commissions earned by agents for the last year.
What is the average sale price of homes in the last 6 months?
How many commercial properties were sold last month?
Show me the total sales volume by quarter for the past year.
How many properties were sold last month?
What is the average days on market for homes sold in the last 12 months?
What is the total square footage of properties sold in the last year by city?
What was the total revenue from rentals in Q1 2024?
List the top 5 neighborhoods by sales volume for Q1 2023.
How many properties were sold in the luxury segment last quarter?
How many new properties were listed last month?
What is the total sales revenue for the real estate properties sold this year?
How many open houses were held last two months?
What is the total sales volume of properties sold in the last year?
What is the total number of new listings in the last week?
What is the current property market value in New York?
What is the total number of buyer inquiries in the last month?
How many properties were sold in the last two months?
What was the average sale price of homes in Q2 2024?
How many open houses were held in the last two months?
What are the average days on market for properties in Q2 2023?
Show total sales by property type for the past year.
Count the number of service tickets opened last month by ticket type
How many user accounts were created last month?
What is the average monthly revenue from subscriptions for Q3 2023?
How many calls were made in the last month?
What is the revenue trend for the last 12 months by region?
How many new subscribers joined last month?
How many customer complaints were received last year?
How many customer complaints were logged last quarter?
What are the total costs incurred from service disruptions last year?
What are the top 5 services by usage this year?
What is the average time to resolve service tickets last month?
What are the top 10 customers by billing amount for this year?
Show the trend of call drop rates over the past 5 years
What is the total profit generated from our services last year?
List the top 5 plans by subscriber count last month.
What is the average response time for support tickets this year?
What are the total costs associated with network maintenance for Q2 2024?
What is the average time to resolution for support requests last week?
What was the total number of customer interactions last month?
What is the average response time for support tickets last quarter?
How many calls were received last month?
What are the top 10 services by customer satisfaction this year?
How many calls were received last week?
How many service disruptions occurred last month by disruption type?
What was the average revenue per user last year?
Compare the total number of subscribers last month to the same month last year.
How much did we earn from international calls in Q2 2024?
What is the average call volume per day for the past month?
What is the total profit generated from our services this quarter?
What is the average customer lifetime value in 2023?
How many service cancellations occurred last month?
How many calls were made by our support team last month?
What was the average time to resolution for support tickets last quarter?
How many customer service calls were made last week?
How many customer service requests were received in the last month?
What is the average monthly bill for telecommunications services in Q1 2024?
How many network installations were completed last month?
List the top 10 service plans by customer satisfaction for the last 30 days
How many customer service requests were resolved last month?
How many customers canceled their service in the last month?
What is the total service revenue as of last month?
What was the total number of support calls received last quarter?
How many calls were made to customer service last quarter?
How many new subscribers did we gain in the last month?
What was the average response time for customer inquiries last month?
Count the number of tickets opened by category last month
What is the total revenue from broadband services this year?
How many customer service calls were received last month?
What was the total number of service interruptions in the past year?
How many customer interactions were logged last month?
How many new deals were closed last month?
